Add `"Medal Hunter" Title's Second Coming` news post (#9982)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2023/2023-08-28-medal-hunter-titles-second-coming.md

On 2023-07-27, alongside new [Hush-Hush medals](/wiki/Medals#hush-hush), [Ephemeral](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/102335) made a [newspost](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2023-07-27-summer-splash) in which he announced "**Medal Hunter**" title coming back once again.

"**Medal Hunter**" is one of [unique user titles](/wiki/People/Users_with_unique_titles), which is given for being the first player to unlock an extremely hard to solve Hush-Hush medal! Also [previous "**Medal Hunter**" title](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2022-09-09-how-zetera-became-a-medal-hunter) has been given out nearly **6 years ago**, which definitely made it even more interesting.

In order to obtain such a desirable title, you had to be the first player to find the solution for **Internment** medal and unlock it. **Internment** is a Hush-Hush medal added in the last batch, being so hint-based that developers found unlocking it worth a title. And while only one player could get a shiny "**Medal Hunter**" text under their username, many still have decided to team up with others on [osu! Medal Hunters](https://discord.gg/8qpNTs6) [Discord](https://discord.com) server! 

> Medal hunters were trying their best to hunt the solution, but as insanity approached and they have tried an enormous number of things that could've been it, the hope was slowly fading away. On this journey of basking in the shade of an ailing mind, the community had received various hints, including a video recorded by one of medal hunters at [COE](/wiki/Community/cavoe's_osu!_event), featuring [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) himself! 

Reviewer: I am still not certain about the usage of `On this journey of basking in the shade of an ailing mind`, as spoken privately I get that its a reference but it seems so out of place in this sentence.  Maybe needs to be in italics to show that it has some deeper meaning than just a really odd looking sentence?

Need a 2nd opinion.

> Medal hunters were trying their best to hunt the solution, but as insanity approached and they have tried an enormous number of things that could've been it, the hope was slowly fading away. On this journey of basking in the shade of an ailing mind, the community had received various hints, including a video recorded by one of medal hunters at [COE](/wiki/Community/cavoe's_osu!_event), featuring [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) himself! 

Reviewer: *hunt* because they are medal hunters, haha

> Within the first few days of the medal releasing, medal hunters were very quick to piece together that the hues were hinting at RGB to some capacity, but nobody knew in what way. From there, medal hunters set out to find how to input various RGB values in game, but nothing seemed to be working. In the worst of medal hunters' struggles, about half of them entering week 2 went full Sherlock Holmes and schizo mode, relying more on insanity than logic, drowning the threads with abominations of theories, some being genuinely good that Ephemeral would take note of, and others... well, let's just say Pac-Man theory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the first few days of the medal releasing, medal hunters were very quick to piece together that the hues were hinting at RGB to some capacity, but nobody knew in what way. From there, medal hunters set out to find how to input various RGB values in game, but nothing seemed to be working. In the worst of medal hunters' struggles, about half of them entering week 2 went full Sherlock Holmes mode, relying more on insanity than logic, drowning the discussion threads with abominations of theories. Some were genuinely good theories that Ephemeral would take note of, and others... well, let's just say Pac-Man theory.

```

Reviewer: probably dont want "schizo mode" used in a front page post lol

Author: fair

But, despite all the challenges the community was still determined to find the solution. One of them was [UberFazz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8646059), who was going back and forth, seeking for the way to get this medal. At first they assumed it would be achieving 16777216 score, because that's how many possible colors there are in RGB. Another guess of theirs was to interact with osu! website to find a hidden message somewhere on it, which would then lead to a solution. They were also told by one of developers they had insanely close guesses multiple times, but that was just not enough...

> But suddenly, the very last hint was dropped, and after reading it, UberFazz figured exactly what they need to do. Shortly after trying their idea, UberFazz successfully got **Internment** medal and received the "**Medal Hunter**" title, after more than a month since medal release!

Reviewer: feels like a really abrupt ending

Author: @0x84f I've added the ending that should sound better

Reviewer: looks good

> -MegaMix_Craft & Tomy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
—MegaMix_Craft & Tomy

```

On 2023-07-27, alongside new [Hush-Hush medals](/wiki/Medals#hush-hush), [Ephemeral](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/102335) made a [news post](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2023-07-27-summer-splash) in which he announced the "**Medal Hunter**" title coming back once again.

"**Medal Hunter**" is a [unique user title](/wiki/People/Users_with_unique_titles), which is given for being the first player to unlock an extremely hard to solve Hush-Hush medal. The [previous "**Medal Hunter**" title](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2022-09-09-how-zetera-became-a-medal-hunter) has been given out nearly **6 years ago**, which definitely made it even more interesting.

In order to obtain such a desirable title, you had to be the first player to find the solution for the **Internment** medal and unlock it. **Internment** is a Hush-Hush medal added in the last batch, being so hint-based that developers found unlocking it worth a title. And while only one player could get a shiny "**Medal Hunter**" text under their username, many still have decided to team up with others on the [Medal Hunters Discord server](https://discord.gg/8qpNTs6)!

> The community was trying their best to *hunt* for the solution, but after an enormous number of attempts that they thought would surely work, insanity started creeping in, and hope was slowly starting to fade. *On this journey of basking in the shade of an ailing mind*, the community had received various hints, including a video recorded by one of medal hunters at [cavoe's osu! event (COE)](/wiki/Community/cavoe's_osu!_event), featuring [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) himself!

Reviewer: I would suggest adding the video as an embed in the news post to break the huge blocks of text and for everyone to be able to view the video. Outside of referencing it here there is no link or mention to where one would see this video

also wala already suggested this

> Within the first few days of the medal releasing, medal hunters were very quick to piece together that the hues were hinting at RGB to some capacity, but nobody knew in what way. From there, medal hunters set out to find how to input various RGB values in game, but nothing seemed to be working. In the worst of medal hunters' struggles, about half of them entering week 2 went full Sherlock Holmes mode, relying more on insanity than logic, drowning the discussion threads with abominations of theories. Some were genuinely good theories that Ephemeral would take note of, and others... well, let's just say Pac-Man theory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the first few days of the medal releasing, medal hunters were very quick to piece together that the hues were hinting at RGB to some capacity, but nobody knew in what way. From there, medal hunters set out to find how to input various RGB values in game, but nothing seemed to be working. In the worst of medal hunters' struggles, half of them entered full Sherlock Holmes mode during the 2nd week of the hunt, relying more on insanity than logic and drowning the discussion threads with abominations of theories. Some were genuinely good theories that Ephemeral would take note of, and others... well, let's just say Pac-Man theory.
```
IMO it reads weird so reworded it a bit

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
```

> layout: post

Reviewer: ```suggestion
layout: post
```

> title: "\"Medal Hunter\" Title's Second Coming"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "\"Medal Hunter\" Title's Second Coming"
```

> date: 2023-08-?? 03:00:00 +0000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2023-08-28 03:00:00 +0000
```

Reviewer: unsure if this somehow flags on remark but better to have a placeholder like this instead of question marks

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
```

Reviewer 2: You can drag a range to suggest a multi-line fix, rather than what you've tried to do here.

Reviewer: Thanks, noted. Not sure whats happening with the line breaks, remark is going crazy. I'll ask Wala/TicClick tonight

Reviewer 2: ;v

The legendary "**Medal Hunter**" title came back once again challenging every player to find a solution for a new medal!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-08-28-medal-hunter-titles-second-coming/banner.jpg)

[Medals](/wiki/Medals) are osu! achievements which are given for achieving certain goals, and the last batch of medals was quite exciting.
On 2023-07-27, alongside new [Hush-Hush medals](/wiki/Medals#hush-hush), [Ephemeral](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/102335) made a [news post](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2023-07-27-summer-splash) in which he announced the "**Medal Hunter**" title coming back once again.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

"**Medal Hunter**" is a [unique user title](/wiki/People/Users_with_unique_titles), which is given for being the first player to unlock an extremely hard to solve Hush-Hush medal. The [previous "**Medal Hunter**" title](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2022-09-09-how-zetera-became-a-medal-hunter) has been given out nearly **6 years ago**, which definitely made it even more interesting.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

In order to obtain such a desirable title, you had to be the first player to find the solution for the **Internment** medal and unlock it. **Internment** is a Hush-Hush medal added in the last batch, being so hint-based that developers found unlocking it worth a title. And while only one player could get a shiny "**Medal Hunter**" text under their username, many still have decided to team up with others on the [Medal Hunters Discord server](https://discord.gg/8qpNTs6)!

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The community was trying their best to *hunt* for the solution, but after an enormous number of attempts that they thought would surely work, insanity started creeping in, and hope was slowly starting to fade. On this journey of basking in the shade of an ailing mind, the community had received various hints, including a video recorded by one of medal hunters at [cavoe's osu! event (COE)](/wiki/Community/cavoe's_osu!_event), featuring [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) himself!

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Within the first few days of the medal releasing, medal hunters were very quick to piece together that the hues were hinting at RGB to some capacity, but nobody knew in what way. From there, medal hunters set out to find how to input various RGB values in game, but nothing seemed to be working. In the worst of medal hunters' struggles, about half of them entering week 2 went full Sherlock Holmes mode, relying more on insanity than logic, drowning the discussion threads with abominations of theories. Some were genuinely good theories that Ephemeral would take note of, and others... well, let's just say Pac-Man theory.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

But, despite all the challenges the community was still determined to find the solution. One of them was [UberFazz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8646059), who was going back and forth, seeking for the way to get this medal. At first they assumed it would be achieving 16777216 score, because that's how many possible colors there are in RGB. Another guess of theirs was to interact with osu! website to find a hidden message somewhere on it, which would then lead to a solution. They were also told by one of developers they had insanely close guesses multiple times, but that was just not enough...

> But suddenly, the very last hint was dropped, and after reading it, UberFazz figured exactly what they need to do. Shortly after trying their idea, UberFazz successfully got **Internment** medal and received the "**Medal Hunter**" title, after more than a month since medal release!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But suddenly, the very last hint was dropped, and after reading it, UberFazz figured exactly what they need to do. Shortly after trying their idea, UberFazz successfully got **Internment** medal and received the "**Medal Hunter**" title, after more than a month since the medal's release!

```

UberFazz would like to give massive thanks to all those that participated in this event. They say that without the osu! medal hunting community, this would have never transpired. There were very incredibly close guesses that barely undershot the medal solution, but UberFazz was the one that made that final push and emerged as the ultimate victor for Internment and its medal hunter title.

> According to Ephemeral and most of the medal hunting community, this is a masterwork of a Hush-Hush medal which sets a great example for what medals set out to be. If you wish to entertain yourself with fun unique challenges that give you shiny medallions that show on your profile, please, by all means, consider becoming a medal hunter. Furthermore, if you do not know the solution to a medal such as this one, consider following the footsteps medal hunters must take for every new Hush-Hush medal that comes out. Ephemeral and the osu!team go out of their way to make medals the community goes crazy over. So much so, that there is a chance that the next medal batches may have medals specifically made for lazer! Does being a medal hunter seem like something that could spark your interest? Do you believe you can crack medals as creatively sophisticated as this one? If so, don't hesitate to give it a shot!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to Ephemeral and most of the medal hunting community, this is a masterwork of a Hush-Hush medal which sets a great example for what medals set out to be. If you wish to entertain yourself with fun unique challenges that give you shiny medallions that show on your profile, please, by all means, consider becoming a medal hunter. Furthermore, if you do not know the solution to a medal such as this one, consider following the footsteps medal hunters must take for every new Hush-Hush medal that comes out. Ephemeral and the osu!team go out of their way to make medals the community goes crazy over. So much so, that there is a chance that the next medal batches may have medals specifically made for osu!(lazer)! Does being a medal hunter seem like something that could spark your interest? Do you believe you can crack medals as creatively sophisticated as this one? If so, don't hesitate to give it a shot!

```

In order to obtain such a desirable title, you had to be the first player to find the solution for the **Internment** medal and unlock it. **Internment** is a Hush-Hush medal added in the last batch, being so hint-based that developers found unlocking it worth a title. And while only one player could get a shiny "**Medal Hunter**" text under their username, many still have decided to team up with others on the [Medal Hunters Discord server](https://discord.gg/8qpNTs6)!

The community was trying their best to *hunt* for the solution, but after an enormous number of attempts that they thought would surely work, insanity started creeping in, and hope was slowly starting to fade. *On this journey of basking in the shade of an ailing mind*, the community had received various hints, including a video recorded by one of medal hunters at [cavoe's osu! event (COE)](/wiki/Community/cavoe's_osu!_event), featuring [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) himself!

<div align="center">
  <video width="95%" controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/coe_video_with_peppy.mp4" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
  </video>
</div>

> Within the first few days of the medal releasing, medal hunters were very quick to piece together that the hues were hinting at RGB to some capacity, but nobody knew in what way. From there, medal hunters set out to find how to input various RGB values in game, but nothing seemed to be working. In the worst of medal hunters' struggles, half of them entered full Sherlock Holmes mode during the 2nd week of the hunt, relying more on insanity than logic and drowning the discussion threads with abominations of theories. Some were genuinely good theories that Ephemeral would take note of, and others... well, let's just say Pac-Man theory.

Reviewer 3: I would suggest sectioning off these paragraphs (especially after the ppy video) with different headers since it's already a cluster and a bit hard to read right now.

Another thing I would ask is a bit of an explanaion as to what and why "RGB" as well as the connection with the word "hues".

Reviewer 3: it could be that the video itself is very large compared to the rest of the article that it becomes the first point of focus and doesn't exactly make things easy to read.

Author: Yea, I'm considering to change video width to 50%, because it's REALLY huge currently. As to headers, I think it would be nice, but I'm not really sure how exactly I should do that. In terms of naming and where to put them

Author: I'd suggest to add this image after line 26 to explain what we meant by "Pac-Man theory", but need @Walavouchey opinion on this
![pacman_theory](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/assets/43725099/9298bb8b-2b0f-40c2-9eb1-8f910390b58e)

Reviewer 4: bit adverse to the idea of mentioning [billy mitchell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billy_Mitchell_(gamer)) here. the only relevant part is the max score of 3,333,360 points in pac-man right?

Author: > bit adverse to the idea of mentioning [billy mitchell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billy_Mitchell_(gamer)) here. the only relevant part is the max score of 3,333,360 points in pac-man right?

I honestly have no idea, as I just linked an image that was originally posted on omh, and I'm not its creator

Reviewer 5: it's just a meme and is presumably ridiculous/irrelevant on purpose

regardless, this picture is a part of the story itself and shouldn't be subject to review I think

In order to obtain such a desirable title, you had to be the first player to find the solution for the **Internment** medal and unlock it. **Internment** is a Hush-Hush medal added in the last batch, being so hint-based that developers found unlocking it worth a title. Speaking of hint and sub-hint (referenced as flairs by Ephemeral), they are "Stained in the hues of madness, they rage within a four-walled jail." and "Bask in the shade of an ailing mind." respectively.
And while only one player could get a shiny "**Medal Hunter**" text under their username, many still have decided to team up with others on the [Medal Hunters Discord server](https://discord.gg/8qpNTs6)!

But before we get to community's attempts to solve it, here are some details they knew from the beginning: 
The medal is only visible in osu!standard profile, so it's std-only, meaning you can't get it in other gamemodes; 
If the medal is map-specific, meaning it can only be done on specific mapset(s) - it has to be Featured Artist song; 

> The medal is in a Hush-Hush (Expert) category, which means no [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) (or [special mods](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#special)) are allowed.

Reviewer: should be bullet points not separate rows

Author: will do

> Within the first few minutes of the medal releasing, players immediately noticed both hints and especially the medal icon referenced theyaremanycolors. Ever since the beginning of this medal's release, medal hunters knew the medal involved that map. From there, medal hunters were very quick to piece together that the hues from medal hint/flair are hinting at RGB to some capacity, but nobody knew in what way, and players were less focused on the subhint which ended up being the final crucial puzzle piece. From there, medal hunters set out to find how to input various RGB values in game, but nothing seemed to be working. Red, green, and blue shows up in the video of the map, so was it dying or receiving combo up to those sections chronologically? Could it have been to do with setting certain grades back-to-back? In the default skin, D ranks are red, A ranks are green, and B ranks are blue. Could it have been to do with mods? In the default skin, Hard Rock is red, Easy is green, but wait... Expert Hush-Hush means absolutely no difficulty reducing mods, so that couldn't be it. And while "hues of madness" seemed to be critical in figuring out the medal solution, just what in the world could "Bask in the shade of an ailing mind" mean? Medal hunters thought all of this within the first 2 days. Medal hunters were on the right track so much, that Ephemeral declared that medal hunters would not need a single hint from them, however, with no way to tell if guesses were getting closer or not to the solution, insanity only grew bigger.

Reviewer: huge block of text it wouldn't hurt to have some double spaces in there.. also concerned about the volume of text overall but at some point you have to say fuck it, especially because such a complicated medal is being covered in depth

also fixed a sentence 
```suggestion
Within the first few minutes of the medal releasing, players immediately noticed both hints and especially the medal icon referenced theyaremanycolors. Ever since the beginning of this medal's release, medal hunters knew the medal involved that map. From there, medal hunters were very quick to piece together that the hues from medal hint/flair are hinting at RGB to some capacity, but nobody knew in what way, and players were less focused on the subhint which ended up being the final crucial puzzle piece.

From there, medal hunters set out to find how to input various RGB values in game, but nothing seemed to be working. Red, green, and blue shows up in the video of the map, so was it dying or receiving combo up to those sections chronologically? Could it have been to do with setting certain grades back-to-back? In the default skin, D ranks are red, A ranks are green, and B ranks are blue. Could it have been to do with mods?

In the default skin, Hard Rock is red, Easy is green, but wait... Expert Hush-Hush means absolutely no difficulty reducing mods, so that couldn't be it. And while "hues of madness" seemed to be critical in figuring out the medal solution, just what in the world could "Bask in the shade of an ailing mind" mean? Medal hunters thought all of this within the first 2 days, and they were on the right track so much, that Ephemeral declared that they would not need a single hint from them. However, with no way to tell if guesses were getting closer or not to the solution, insanity only grew bigger.
```

The community was trying their best to *hunt* for the solution, but after an enormous number of attempts that they thought would surely work, insanity started creeping in, and hope was slowly starting to fade. *On this journey of basking in the shade of an ailing mind*, the community had received various hints. The first notable one was from Ephemeral mentioning that this medal could involve "ARG" (alternate reality game) which blasted medal hunters' sanity away even more. The possibilities seemed endless. Another hint was a video recorded by [Glassive](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12453848), one of medal hunters at [cavoe's osu! event (COE)](/wiki/Community/cavoe's_osu!_event), featuring [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) himself!

<div align="center">
  <video width="50%" controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/coe_video_with_peppy.mp4?20230902" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
  </video>
</div>

> peppy said the solution may need to be altered because it depends on something that could be changed in the future. The only two possibilities were lazer and site. For those that guessed site and thought difficulty colors, they used the hint to their fullest of potentials. There was a downside to this hint though. While peppy basically confirmed this theory about diff's colors being correct, medal hunters also got a little mislead.

Reviewer: new sentence therefore capital letter, regardless of his name being lowercase.... at least I think so
also some rewording I thought fit better, subjective though

```suggestion
Peppy said the solution may need to be altered because it depends on something that could be changed in the future. The only two possibilities were osu!(lazer) and the website. For those that guessed website and thought difficulty colors, they used the hint to it's fullest extent. There was a downside to this hint though. While peppy basically confirmed this theory about difficulty colors being correct, medal hunters also got a little mislead.
```

Author: will reword it to keep peppy nickname as it should me

> After peppy said anyone, including new players would be able to get it, they started to believe it can't be 4* difficulty or above that give the medal, which was completely wrong and resulted in community taking much more time to solve it. That subhint mentioning "Bask in the shade of an ailing mind", referring to basking in the **RGB** shades of an **Insane** diff in particular was completely ignored, because newcomers to osu! would not be able to get this medal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After peppy said anyone, including new players would be able to get it, they started to believe it can't be performed on a difficulty higher than 4 star, which was completely wrong and resulted in community taking much more time to solve it. That subhint mentioning "Bask in the shade of an ailing mind", referring to basking in the **RGB** shades of an **Insane** diff in particular was completely ignored, because newcomers to osu! would not be able to get this medal.
```

> "ith a lot of guesses and such an insane 2 hints, 1 being slightly misleading, half of medal hunters entered full Sherlock Holmes mode with the possibilities of the solution, relying more on insanity than logic and drowning the discussion threads with abominations of theories. Some were genuinely good theories that Ephemeral would take note of, and others... well, let's just say Pac-Man theory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

With a lot of guesses and such an insane 2 hints, 1 being slightly misleading, half of medal hunters entered full Sherlock Holmes mode with the possibilities of the solution, relying more on insanity than logic and drowning the discussion threads with abominations of theories. Some were genuinely good theories that Ephemeral would take note of, and others... well, let's just say Pac-Man theory.
```

> ![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-08-28-medal-hunter-titles-second-coming/pacman_theory.png)

Reviewer: no need for this to be a png (no transparent elements), check if converting it to jpg lowers the size and if its worth to replace or not

Author: will replace in next batch

> But, despite all the challenges the community was still determined to find the solution. One of them was [UberFazz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8646059), who was going back and forth, seeking for the way to get this medal. At first, they assumed it would be achieving 16,777,216 (256 to the 3rd power) score, because that's how many possible colors there are in RGB. Another guess of theirs was to interact with osu! website to find a hidden message somewhere on it, which would then lead to a solution. They were also told by one of developers they had insanely close guesses multiple times, but that was just not enough...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But, despite all the challenges the community was still determined to find the solution. One of them was [UberFazz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8646059), who was going back and forth, seeking for the way to get this medal. At first, they assumed it would be achieving 16,777,216 (256 to the 3rd power) score, because that's how many possible colors there are in RGB. Another guess of theirs was to interact with the osu! website to find a hidden message somewhere on it, which would then lead to a solution. They were also told by one of developers they had insanely close guesses multiple times, but that was just not enough...
```

> The community was trying their best to *hunt* for the solution, but after an enormous number of attempts that they thought would surely work, insanity started creeping in, and hope was slowly starting to fade. 

Reviewer: imo using this little joke once is fine lets not overdo it :P 
```suggestion
The community was trying their best to hunt for the solution, but after an enormous number of attempts that they thought would surely work, insanity started creeping in, and hope was slowly starting to fade. 
```

> But suddenly, after more than 3 weeks, the very last hint was dropped by [Repflez](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/201392) saying that "a message in the last 8 hours was a hint in the right direction", and after reading it, UberFazz found that message and figured exactly what they needed to do. That theory was to set scores with particular combos that relate to the RGB values of a difficulty, which UberFazz guessed was on on the celinsane difficulty as it literally meant cell + insane just like the medal suggested. Shortly after trying this idea in regards to combo matching each value of the RGB, UberFazz successfully got **Internment** medal and received the "**Medal Hunter**" title, after more than a month since the medal's release!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But suddenly, after more than 3 weeks, the very last hint was dropped by [Repflez](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/201392) saying that "a message in the last 8 hours was a hint in the right direction", and after reading it, UberFazz found that message and figured exactly what they needed to do. That theory was to set scores with particular combos that relate to the RGB values of a difficulty, which UberFazz guessed was on the "celinsane" difficulty as it literally meant cell + insane just like the medal suggested. Shortly after trying this idea in regards to combo matching each value of the RGB, UberFazz successfully got **Internment** medal and received the "**Medal Hunter**" title, after more than a month since the medal's release!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-08-28-medal-hunter-titles-second-coming/uberfazz_profile.png)

> And after giving it more tests which crossed out grades from the equation and being celinsane diff specific, the community was finally ready to present the full solution to **Internment** medal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After giving it more tests which crossed out grades from the equation and being celinsane diff specific, the community was finally ready to present the full solution to **Internment** medal:
```

> On any "Insane" difficulty (4.0\* - 5.29\*) of Frums - theyaremanycolors, set three plays in a row that have combos equal to the R, G, and B values of the difficulty indicator (on the osu! website) for the map you are playing. The possible combinations are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On any "Insane" difficulty (4.0\* - 5.29\*) of [Frums - theyaremanycolors](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1416051#osu/2918249), set three plays in a row that have combos equal to the R, G, and B values of the difficulty indicator (on the osu! website) for the map you are playing. The possible combinations are as follows:
```

Author: fair, but will do it manually because diff isn't correct

- The medal is in a Hush-Hush (Expert) category, which means no [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) (or [special mods](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#special)) are allowed.

Within the first few minutes of the medal releasing, players immediately noticed both hints and especially the medal icon referenced theyaremanycolors. Ever since the beginning of this medal's release, medal hunters knew the medal involved that map. From there, medal hunters were very quick to piece together that the hues from medal hint/flair are hinting at RGB to some capacity, but nobody knew in what way, and players were less focused on the subhint which ended up being the final crucial puzzle piece.

From there, medal hunters set out to find how to input various RGB values in game, but nothing seemed to be working. Red, green, and blue shows up in the video of the map, so was it dying or receiving combo up to those sections chronologically? Could it have been to do with setting certain grades back-to-back? In the default skin, D ranks are red, A ranks are green, and B ranks are blue. Could it have been to do with mods?

> In the default skin, Hard Rock is red, Easy is green, but wait... Expert Hush-Hush means absolutely no difficulty reducing mods, so that couldn't be it. And while "hues of madness" seemed to be critical in figuring out the medal solution, just what in the world could "Bask in the shade of an ailing mind" mean? Medal hunters thought all of this within the first 2 days, and they were on the right track so much, that Ephemeral declared that they would not need a single hint from them. However, with no way to tell if guesses were getting closer or not to the solution, insanity only grew bigger.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
When this did not bear any fruit, considerations started turning towards mod colours In the default skin, Hard Rock is red, Easy is green-- but wait... Expert Hush-Hush means absolutely no difficulty reducing mods, so that couldn't be it. And while "*hues of madness*" seemed to be critical in figuring out the medal solution, just what in the world could "*Bask in the shade of an ailing mind*" mean? 

All of this raced through community efforts within the first 48 hours, and so emboldened by their progress, a helpful developer chimed in to reassuringly inform them that they would not need a single hint extra to help them along. However, with no way to tell if any theories were getting closer or not to the solution, the insanity only continued to grow.
```

> The community was trying their best to *hunt* for the solution, but after an enormous number of attempts that they thought would surely work, insanity started creeping in, and hope was slowly starting to fade. *On this journey of basking in the shade of an ailing mind*, the community had received various hints. The first notable one was from Ephemeral mentioning that this medal could involve "ARG" (alternate reality game) which blasted medal hunters' sanity away even more. The possibilities seemed endless. Another hint was a video recorded by [Glassive](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12453848), one of medal hunters at [cavoe's osu! event (COE)](/wiki/Community/cavoe's_osu!_event), featuring [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) himself!

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Days began to pass. The community was putting every brain cell available towards the task of unravelling this growing mystery, but after an enormous number of quashed theories that they thought must *surely* work, the only discovery of anything related to "*ailing minds*" was in the rapidly waning sanity of those still searching for it.

*On this journey of basking in the shade of an ailing mind*, the community had surmised various facts. The first notable one was that the medal *could* involve "ARG"-style (alternate reality game) elements which was met with screams of unbridled terror. The possibilities seemed endless - *many*, if you're feeling creative. Another helpful fact descended from a video recorded by [Glassive](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12453848), one of medal hunters at [cavoe's osu! event (COE)](/wiki/Community/cavoe's_osu!_event), featuring [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) himself!
```

<div align="center">
  <video width="50%" controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/coe_video_with_peppy.mp4?20230902" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
  </video>
</div>

> The biggest hint was peppy saying the solution may need to be altered because it depends on something that could be changed in the future. The only two possibilities were osu!(lazer) and the website. For those that guessed website and thought difficulty colors, they used the hint to it's fullest extent. There was a downside to this hint though. While peppy basically confirmed this theory about difficulty colors being correct, medal hunters also got a little mislead.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
This particular revelation from peppy let on that the solution may need to be altered because it depended on something that could be changed in the future. This left only two possibilities: something to do with osu!(lazer), and the website. Some began to suspect that the medal involved the colors of a given difficulty as shown on the site, which seemed to line up with the wording in the medal's basic description. There was a downside to this hint though:  while peppy's preaching had basically confirmed this theory about difficulty colors had some merit, it started to throw some off the rails a little bit.
```

> After peppy said anyone, including new players would be able to get it, they started to believe it can't be performed on a difficulty higher than 4 star, which was completely wrong and resulted in community taking much more time to solve it. That subhint mentioning "Bask in the shade of an ailing mind", referring to basking in the **RGB** shades of an **Insane** diff in particular was completely ignored, because newcomers to osu! would not be able to get this medal.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
After peppy said anyone (including new players) would likely be able to get *Internment* if they really tried, suspicions turned towards the easier difficulties on the *theyaremanycolors* sets, which resulted in days of hundreds upon hundreds of attempts that ultimately turned out to be for naught. It seemed that the wording of "*Bask in the shade of an ailing mind" had been left at the wayside, with the mention of an "ailing mind" referencing madness, or *insanity* itself - something that shares close wording with the Insane difficulty range common to many beatmaps.
```

> With a lot of guesses and such an insane 2 hints, 1 being slightly misleading, half of medal hunters entered full Sherlock Holmes mode with the possibilities of the solution, relying more on insanity than logic and drowning the discussion threads with abominations of theories. Some were genuinely good theories that Ephemeral would take note of, and others... well, let's just say Pac-Man theory.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
The theories continued to become wilder in the wake of these hints, with many prospective medal hunters entering full Sherlock Holmes mode at the ever-increasing possibilities posed to them. In a twist of hilarity, they began relying more on insanity than logic and soon, discussion threads were drowned out with countless threads spouting some... *interesting* theories. Some were so utterly deranged that the developers of the medals "took note" of them for future designs, and others... well, let's just introduce you to the wonder that is Pac-Man theory:
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-08-28-medal-hunter-titles-second-coming/pacman_theory.jpg)

> But, despite all the challenges the community was still determined to find the solution. One of them was [UberFazz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8646059), who was going back and forth, seeking for the way to get this medal. At first, they assumed it would be achieving 16,777,216 (256 to the 3rd power) score, because that's how many possible colors there are in RGB. Another guess of theirs was to interact with the osu! website to find a hidden message somewhere on it, which would then lead to a solution. They were also told by one of developers they had insanely close guesses multiple times, but that was just not enough...

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
But, despite all the challenges, the community was still determined to find the solution. One such participant, a fellow by the name of [UberFazz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8646059) had donned his fattest thinking cap, suggesting one theory of achieving 16,777,216 score, because that's how many possible colors there are in RGB (255 to the power of 3). Another guess of theirs was to interact with the osu! website to find a hidden message somewhere on it, which would then lead to a solution. They were also told by one of developers they had insanely close guesses multiple times, but it was all just not enough...
```

> The community was trying their best to hunt for the solution, but after an enormous number of attempts that they thought would surely work, insanity started creeping in, and hope was slowly starting to fade. 

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Efforts progressed, and hope began to wane. It looked as if that the colors were winning, for while the theories were many, the solution was yet to be found. Hunters soon found themselves in a four-walled jail of their own creation, mired by increasingly bewildering theories. Perhaps *Internment* would never be found...
```

> But suddenly, after more than 3 weeks, the very last hint was dropped by [Repflez](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/201392) saying that "a message in the last 8 hours was a hint in the right direction", and after reading it, UberFazz found that message and figured exactly what they needed to do. That theory was to set scores with particular combos that relate to the RGB values of a difficulty, which UberFazz guessed was on the "celinsane" difficulty as it literally meant cell + insane just like the medal suggested. Shortly after trying this idea in regards to combo matching each value of the RGB, UberFazz successfully got **Internment** medal and received the "**Medal Hunter**" title, after more than a month since the medal's release!

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
But suddenly, after more than 3 weeks, an innocuous bit of encouragement from a watching developer noting that "a message in the last 8 hours was a hint in the right direction" spurned our fated hero into donning his extremely fat thinking cap again. UberFazz read that message and surmised exactly what he needed to do. 

His new theory was to set scores with particular combo counts that relate to the very specific RGB values of a beatmap's difficulty on the website. UberFazz guessed the best difficulty to try was the "celinsane" difficulty as its wording quite literally meant cell + insane, just like the medal suggested. 

After a tense fifteen minutes as UberFazz conjured the requisite three scores into existence, an elated gasp ran through the Medal Hunters server as he found himself the first recipient of the **Internment** medal and the second-ever "**Medal Hunter**" title, after more than a month since the medal's release!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-08-28-medal-hunter-titles-second-coming/uberfazz_profile.png)

> After giving it more tests which crossed out grades from the equation and being celinsane diff specific, the community was finally ready to present the full solution to **Internment** medal:

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Despite the title being awarded to only one person, the solution belonged to every participant in spirit. After some scientific elimination of any existing theories, the community was finally ready to present the full solution to **Internment** medal:
```

On any "Insane" difficulty (4.0\* - 5.29\*) of [Frums - theyaremanycolors](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1416051#osu/3022086), set three plays in a row that have combos equal to the R, G, and B values of the difficulty indicator (on the osu! website) for the map you are playing. The possible combinations are as follows:

| Play | Combo ([vanchanicalinsane](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1416051#osu/3022086)) | Combo ([celinsane](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1533352#osu/4052455)) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1st | 255x | 243x |
| 2nd | 104x | 76x |
| 3rd | 108x | 133x |

You also MUST get the scores back-to-back, and the third one must be a pass; If you overcombo at any point on the second or third play, fail the third play, or fail to reach the max combo requirement for the second or third score, you must restart the medal from the beginning.

> And now, after it's found, UberFazz would like to give massive thanks to all those that participated in this event. They say that without the osu! medal hunting community, this would have never transpired. There were very incredibly close guesses that barely undershot the medal solution, but UberFazz was the one that made that final push and emerged as the ultimate victor for Internment and its medal hunter title.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
And now, after this great struggle, UberFazz would like to give massive thanks to all those that participated in this event. They say that without the osu! medal hunting community, this would have never transpired. There were very incredibly close guesses that barely undershot the medal solution, but UberFazz was ultimately the one that made that final push and emerged as the ultimate victor.
```

> According to Ephemeral and most of the medal hunting community, this is a masterwork of a Hush-Hush medal which sets a great example for what medals set out to be.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
With this herculean task of colours and insanity behind them, the medal hunting community couldn't help but agree that *Internment* truly was a challenge worthy of the title.
```

- The medal is only visible on the profiles of osu! players, so it can only be obtained by clicking circles; 
- If the medal is thought to be specific to a particular single map, it is *usually* a Featured Artist song; 
- The medal is in the Hush-Hush (Expert) category, which means no [difficulty reduction mods](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#difficulty-reduction) (or [special mods](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#special)) are allowed.

Within the first few minutes of the medal releasing, players immediately began poring over all this information and quickly noticed the medal icon itself clearly referenced a popular Frums track titled *theyaremanycolors*. From there, aspiring medal hunters were swift to piece together that the hues from medal hint/flair may be hinting at the RGB color spectrum in some capacity, but nobody could quite figure out how. Fixated on this particular fact, much of the early exploration of the medal neglected other parts of the hint that would later prove to be integral in deciphering the riddle once and for all.

> Setting out to find how to translate these RGB-related suspicions into in-game scores, much was considered and tried. Red, green, and blue imagery all shows up prominently in the video associated with many *theyaremanycolors* beatmaps, so many initial theories involved exploring failing at particular parts of the video, or only comboing up to the first appearances of specific colours. Speculations grew fast and wild - could it have been to do with setting certain grades of scores back-to-back? After all, as every (mostly) sane prospective medal hunter knows,, D ranks are red, A ranks are green, and B ranks are blue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting out to find how to translate these RGB-related suspicions into in-game scores, much was considered and tried. Red, green, and blue imagery all shows up prominently in the video associated with many *theyaremanycolors* beatmaps, so many initial theories involved exploring failing at particular parts of the video, or only comboing up to the first appearances of specific colours. Speculations grew fast and wild — could it have been to do with setting certain grades of scores back-to-back? After all, as every (mostly) sane prospective medal hunter knows, D ranks are red, A ranks are green, and B ranks are blue.
```

> When this did not bear any fruit, considerations started turning towards mod colours In the default skin, Hard Rock is red, Easy is green-- but wait... Expert Hush-Hush means absolutely no difficulty reducing mods, so that couldn't be it. And while "*hues of madness*" seemed to be critical in figuring out the medal solution, just what in the world could "*Bask in the shade of an ailing mind*" mean? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this did not bear any fruit, considerations started turning towards mod colours in the default skin, Hard Rock is red, Easy is green — but wait... Expert Hush-Hush means absolutely no difficulty reducing mods, so that couldn't be it. And while "*hues of madness*" seemed to be critical in figuring out the medal solution, just what in the world could "*Bask in the shade of an ailing mind*" mean? 
```

All of this raced through community efforts within the first 48 hours, and so emboldened by their progress, a helpful developer chimed in to reassuringly inform them that they would not need a single hint extra to help them along. However, with no way to tell if any theories were getting closer or not to the solution, the insanity only continued to grow.

Days began to pass. The community was putting every brain cell available towards the task of unravelling this growing mystery, but after an enormous number of quashed theories that they thought must *surely* work, the only discovery of anything related to "*ailing minds*" was in the rapidly waning sanity of those still searching for it.

> *On this journey of basking in the shade of an ailing mind*, the community had surmised various facts. The first notable one was that the medal *could* involve "ARG"-style (alternate reality game) elements which was met with screams of unbridled terror. The possibilities seemed endless - *many*, if you're feeling creative. Another helpful fact descended from a video recorded by [Glassive](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12453848), one of medal hunters at [cavoe's osu! event (COE)](/wiki/Community/cavoe's_osu!_event), featuring [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) himself!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*On this journey of basking in the shade of an ailing mind*, the community had surmised various facts. The first notable one was that the medal *could* involve "ARG"-style (alternate reality game) elements which was met with screams of unbridled terror. The possibilities seemed endless — *many*, if you're feeling creative. Another helpful fact descended from a video recorded by [Glassive](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12453848), one of medal hunters at [cavoe's osu! event (COE)](/wiki/Community/cavoe's_osu!_event), featuring [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) himself!
```

<div align="center">
  <video width="50%" controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/coe_video_with_peppy.mp4?20230902" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
  </video>
</div>

This particular revelation from peppy let on that the solution may need to be altered because it depended on something that could be changed in the future. This left only two possibilities: something to do with osu!(lazer), and the website. Some began to suspect that the medal involved the colors of a given difficulty as shown on the site, which seemed to line up with the wording in the medal's basic description. There was a downside to this hint though:  while peppy's preaching had basically confirmed this theory about difficulty colors had some merit, it started to throw some off the rails a little bit.

> After peppy said anyone (including new players) would likely be able to get *Internment* if they really tried, suspicions turned towards the easier difficulties on the *theyaremanycolors* sets, which resulted in days of hundreds upon hundreds of attempts that ultimately turned out to be for naught. It seemed that the wording of "*Bask in the shade of an ailing mind" had been left at the wayside, with the mention of an "ailing mind" referencing madness, or *insanity* itself - something that shares close wording with the Insane difficulty range common to many beatmaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After peppy said anyone (including new players) would likely be able to get *Internment* if they really tried, suspicions turned towards the easier difficulties on the *theyaremanycolors* sets, which resulted in days of hundreds upon hundreds of attempts that ultimately turned out to be for naught. It seemed that the wording of "*Bask in the shade of an ailing mind*" had been left at the wayside, with the mention of an "ailing mind" referencing madness, or *insanity* itself — something that shares close wording with the Insane difficulty range common to many beatmaps.
```

---
layout: post

> title: "\"Medal Hunter\" Title's Second Coming"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
title: "The Hunt for Internment"
```

or any other more interesting name you could think of

**Medal Hunter** is a [unique title](/wiki/People/Users_with_unique_titles) awarded for being the very first player to unlock an extremely hard-to-solve Hush-Hush medal. The [previous **Medal Hunter** title](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2022-09-09-how-zetera-became-a-medal-hunter) was given out nearly **6 years ago** in fact, so it has been quite a while since anyone last saw a new one.

This time around, the bounty was set for a particular Hush-Hush medal in the latest release, known as **Internment**. What makes this medal (and the previous medal that received a **Medal Hunter** bounty) particularly special is that rather than being a test of a player's *mechanical* skill, practically all of the difficulty comes from deciphering a set of hints (or "flair texts") that can be viewed when hovering the medal on one's profile page.

Said hints are of course incredibly cryptic: *"stained in the hues of madness, they rage within a four-walled jail"* and *"bask in the shade of an ailing mind"*.

> 

Reviewer 4: maybe some disclaimer is warranted (here or at the top)?

```suggestion

**This article gradually reveals a solution to the *Internment* medal. If you want to search for the solution yourself, you can use the above information and skip the rest of this news post for now.**

```
